{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Comic Sans MS;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\ul\f0\fs32 The Big Bang of the Universe Wide Web\ulnone\fs22\par
\par
\par
This is a placeholder for the UWW, the Universe Wide Web.  Comic Sans MS is chosen very consciously.\par
\par
This will first be replaced by a web page that does nothing but prepare you to communicate with other space heads using it via a persistent Node REPL in its window.  Sounds easy.  Somebody must know how to do that in a heartbeat.\par
\par
After that anything can be constructed that is an appropriate web interface.\par
\par
Space head is apropo.  The model used in the UWW is that of points, called events, in a Hamiltonian space time p, Q and t in integral Planck units.  The space of them is giganormous so a random one can be considered to live in perfect anonymity until a user copies off any data it has associated into a new one.\par
\par
A library of Canonical Hamiltonian phase space transformations will be provided in the REPL for the physics and graphics of things.  When space is fixed via a measurement in a best inertial CMB that links it to a point in the UWW space. It will provide a natural resolution of physical space no greater and no less than nature itself.  Registration with "Real Reality" will be managed inherently with a dynamic and partitioned transformation.  Room for lots of work here.\par
\par
As a host for virtual reality it has characteristics beyond any specification now or in the future.  A stable channel with mapped coordinates can be set up by reference between two people's rooms with a pair of position samples.  You could do one measurement and I could do one and those two points in our rooms become congruent to each other with chosen translation and/or rotation.  You can use that channel to send or receive a 3D image  I can physically see in real time.  Planar works just as well.  That can be movable for full motion tracking.  A usable beam can be created with my position as the target when I am tracked.  No one can tap into it, however, without knowing what it's event is.\par
\par
It can and will contain hardware and software supported events which can do Bayesian transformation simulation in parallel.  I.e., it will think.\par
\par
The enormity of the space of "IP's" inherent in the range of the coordinates and the number of them provides unique security guarantees.  Not promises, guarantees.\par
\par
The GitHub page I've set up for this is www.github.com/DonGateley/UWW the README.md file is thoughts as I design and architect the thing.  A living blog.\par
}
 
